welcome back got some some more treats
for you guys I've been doing a lot of
different stuff with my with my channel
lately so uh I decided you know I would
I would add some you know diversity to
it you know and do some rants and do
some reviews and you know do some gaming
shit you know whatever so here's what I
got right now now you have seen the
traditional CDR I mean unless you've
been living under a fucking rock for the
past you know 13 14 years whatever
fucking CDRs came out a little fucking
time ago well anyway most of them you
know as 700 megabytes 80 minutes and
these are kind of cool cuz they're black
on the bottom like a clay station disc
um but there are also 99 minute 870
megabyte discs yeah that cool and they
look no different than you know your
normal cheapo
CD oz I just kind of weird this like a
no-name king banana digital King I don't
know
banana and I just wanna know which one
it is ker a day yeah I don't know about
that I haven't tried him out yet but I
ordered him last week or two weeks ago
from some place in China XD digital DX
digital a DX extreme I think it was DX
extreme so but uh yeah they're coming up
coming up 50 pack
not a spindle for the you know plastic
wrap or shrink wrap yeah it comes shrink
wrap a 50 pack like I said I haven't
tried it maybe I don't know how good
they are so but yeah hopefully they
they're already I mean hopefully
hopefully they'll work hopefully I can
find a program that's free cuz I ain't
paying for shit to you know that'll
allow me to burn up to 99 minutes on a
music CD or good seven hundred eight
hundred seventy megabytes to date on
Oliver vs. 700 megabytes and eighty
minutes which is the most common but you
know I thought these are pretty cool
because you know they have the ones like
purple purple bottom alright guys people
later